>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so
we wanna do a few things here.
We're gonna do a traverse and contains.
Let's go back over to our guy over here.
Let's take our class, and we'll just
copy it over and we'll do it together.
So we can leave our,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Traverse as
notes that we can reference for ourselves.
Okay, again this is a little bit
different because we're creating a class.
We're gonna see this and whatnot, okay?
So, for each tree we wanna give it,
we know we had our question
= question kind of deal.
Here we go.
Okay.
So we have a question.
And then we're gonna have our yes and
our no.
Does this?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
this is our binary tree with yes and no.
Okay?
If you did it with left and
right that's totally fine.
And in the solutions you'll see
that it's also left and right.
Okay, so we have a traverse here.
And often with our traverse we want to
we want it to take like a function.
So once you visit every node you
might want to do some work, right?
So, so far we've been console logging, but
there are a variety of things you
might want to do on each node.
Maybe you're validating that
the data there is correct.
Maybe you're looking for
something in the sense of contains, right?
Yeah, all kinds of fun
things we do with traverse.
All right, so as you might
notice in the exercise as well, there are
different orders that you can traverse.
But we can just work
with what we have here.
We can just start with this, and
we'll adapt it for our class, okay?
So right off the bat, we know that
this tree.name isn't relevant, right?
Right, so we want this.question, right?
So the first time we get here we're just
gonna print out the question, right?
What if we wanted to do
something different?
What if we wanted to pass a function
here to be called,instead of, so
console.log is a function, right?
Console is like a DOM object.
Log is a method.
And we call it like we would.
Sometimes when you see things
a lot you kind of take it for
granted and don't break down what it is.
So console.log is just a question,
so we can pass our function here and
we can replace console.log
with some function.
And when we call it let's
see we have myTree.traverse.
We can actually just pass in console.log
here and it will do the same thing.
Everyone following?
Yes, can I get some thumbs, we're good?
Right, awesome.
So we have our question, and
this is gonna be different too, right?
Because we don't have an array,
we have two different property names.
How did you guys handle
it when you did this?
>> Speaker 2: I called in order
transversal on this.left, and
then called it on this.right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
So we just recurse, right?
Again you can say,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Something like that,
seem reasonable?